
Github url: https://github.com/Suilarso/WER.git

Software
Programming Language: Python3
GUI application: tkinter, tkcalendar
Database application: SQLite

Database
Database name: werShipping.sqlite
Table name: werChecklist
werChecklist structure:
    customerName - TEXT (30 characters)
    workOrder - TEXT (10 characters, Mandatory)
    dateReceived - DATE
    receivedBy - TEXT (10 characters)
    numOfPieces - INTEGER
    ofPieces - INTEGER
    pictureStatus - BOOLEAN
    photoesStatus - BOOLEAN
    productsTypeListbox - TEXT (20 characters)
    numberOfPartsListbox - TEXT (15 characters)
    partsInBlueBin - BOOLEAN
    qcCheckedBy - TEXT (10 characters)
    notes - TEXT (50 characters)

To create a new checklist
Key in 'Customer' and 'WO' fields and the rest of the fields appropriate to the type of product being received. 'Customer and WO' field are mandatory to create a new checklist. A warning message will pop up should either of these fields is empty.
Click on 'Save' button to save the entry or 'Cancel' button to cancel the entry without saving.

To QC check a work order
Key in the work order in 'WO' field and follow by a click on 'Search' button. If the work order had not been qc checked already, the 'QC Check' button will be enabled. Click on the 'QC Check' button and key in the initial of the individual who did the qc check and follow by a click on the 'Update' button.

To browse Records
Click on 'Browse' button and from the input date dialog that appeared, select the start date you wish to browse the records.
Once the start date had been selected, click 'Ok' button and the browse module will return the next 14 days of records it
can find.
Click on up and down marker to move record selection up and down respectively.
To move from page to page, click on the previous and next page markers respectively.
To see the record details, highlight the record you wish to see and click on the 'Select' button.

Bug report
Mar 1, 22 - Product type and part list not re-display properly
Bug found on product type: For product selection from Coolant Pipe onward, will be saved into sql correctly, but will not be re-displayed correctly during search operation.
Severity status: major.
Root cause: the selection number return by listbox is a list of integer; but when saved to sql those numbers are translated into string without separator among different selections. For example: for selection of DPF and Coolant Pipe, the return integer will be 7, 10 but saved as 710 into sql; as such when it is retrieved back from sql, the 710 will be interpreted as item 7, 1, and 0 when in actual selection is 7 and 10.
Status: This bug is solved on Mar 3, 22

Mar 3, 22 - Date not refresh to current date after displaying a search record
Bug found on date field: When displaying a searched record, the date field will reflect the date when the record was created, which is correct in this case; but when the cancel button is clicked, the date field is not set to today date; as such the next new record to be created, the user will have to select today date from the calendar, which in this case is a bit inconvenient.
Severity status: minor.
Status: This bug is resolved on Mar 5, 22

Apr 12, 22 - When piece field is left empty, record will not be saved
If you only enter Customer and WO and leave the Piece(s) field empty, then click Save, it won’t be saved. I know this is
because Piece is a mandatory field and cannot be empty. But I think it would be preferable if there is a popup to let users
know that they must enter a value for Piece.
Severity status: minor.
Status: This bug is resolved on Mar 17, 22

Apr 12, 22 - Duplicate record fields will be emptied after the popup window.
When you finished entering the fields and clicked Save, if the WO already existed in the database,
you will be prompted with a message. It is good and necessary. But after I close this popup window, all fields have
been emptied and I have to type them again. My suggestion is to empty the WO field only.
Severity status: minor.
Status: This bug is resolved on Mar 13, 22

Apr 12, 22 - Record is able to save even when QC Check field is blank
When I searched out one WO and wanted to mark it as “QC Checked”, if I didn’t type anything in the field and
click Update, it could be saved without a QC checker. I am wondering if it is better to have a popup
reminding users to input a name for the QC checker when they have not typed anything for the “QC Checked by”
field and are clicking the “Update” button?
Severity status: minor.
Status: This bug is resolved on Apr 12, 22

Jul 28, 22 - Amendment request from users
When a record is saved, it will only be browsed or update qc check list field and no other operations like edit will be allowed;
users request that once a record is saved, the record be allowed to edit only the 'Note' field.
Urgency: moderate.
Status:

Jul 28, 22 - Record is able to save when 'Pictures' and 'Photoes Uploaded?' fields are left empty.
Users request that these two fields be included in the completeness check.
Severity status: minor.
Status:
